## Welcome to Drift Horizon

In the forgotten depths of history, there was a civilization unlike any other: the Lumenari. These enigmatic forerunners
shaped the world through wonders that defy comprehension. Their crowning achievement was Sylvryn, a massive ring world
encircling a distant star. For a time, the Lumenari thrived at the height of their mastery—until one day, they vanished.
Some say they ascended to a higher plane of existence, while others claim their hubris led to their end. Whatever the
truth, their creations endure, and Sylvryn stands as both a marvel, and a shadow of their absence.

When the Lumenari disappeared, Sylvryn was not left empty. The creatures that once roamed its surface have, over
countless generations, evolved into the intelligent denizens who now call the ring home. Though they live amidst the
remnants of a civilization far greater than their own, the people of Sylvryn have built lives for themselves in its
shadow. Towns and villages dot the surface, connected by trade, survival, and the ever-present need to adapt to their
strange and wondrous world.

Sylvryn is a land of stark contrasts. The towering remnants of ancient technology are scattered across its
surface—monolithic and unknowable—standing silently amidst lush fields, craggy mountains, and dense forests. Monstrous
creatures, relics of a forgotten age or the natural evolution of an untamed world, roam its wilderness. Ancient
machines, long stripped of purpose or control, still wander, their movements erratic and often deadly. Yet despite these
dangers, life endures. The people of Sylvryn are resilient and resourceful, forging a new existence in a world forever
marked by the past.

High above the surface, the Stellar Engine looms as the greatest mystery of all. From its hidden depths, a massive beam
of fiery light erupts into the void, propelling Sylvryn forward through the galaxy. Its true purpose, like so much of
the Lumenari’s legacy, is unknown. Scholars and adventurers alike speculate on its secrets, but to most, it is simply
another part of the world—vast, distant, and untouchable.

But Sylvryn is anything but stagnant. The ring brims with opportunity for those daring enough to seek it. Ancient ruins
hold secrets of power and knowledge. Lost magitech waits to be reclaimed and repurposed. Villages and factions rise and
fall, shaping the patchwork tapestry of Sylvryn’s many lives. In every shadowed ruin, in every wild frontier, adventure
beckons.

Sylvryn is a world of wonder, danger, and endless possibility. Will you be the one to uncover its mysteries, claim its
treasures, and leave your mark on its ever-turning story?

The choice is yours. Welcome to Drift Horizon.
